[docs] [serve] reformat page to standardize on Train format (#42554)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/tutorials/java.md

</dependency>
```

> > NOTE: After installing Ray with Python, the local environment includes the Java jar of Ray Serve. The `provided` scope could ensure that you can compile the Java code using Ray Serve without version conflicts when you deploy on the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: After installing Ray with Python, the local environment includes the Java jar of Ray Serve. The `provided` scope ensures that you can compile the Java code using Ray Serve without version conflicts when you deploy on the cluster.
```

Author: TY

## Calling Ray Serve Deployment with HTTP

Another way to test or call a deployment is through the HTTP request. However, two limitations exist for the Java deployments:

- Only the `call` method of the user class can process the HTTP requests.

- The `call` method can only have one input parameter, and the type of the input parameter and the returned value can only be `String`.

> If you want to call the `strategy` deployment with HTTP, the you can rewrite the class like this code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to call the `strategy` deployment with HTTP, then you can rewrite the class like this code:
```

Author: TY!
